index.md, before:

# Markdown Viewer Documentation

## Meta data

This small software is a child of the translation system created in IOI2017.

Birth: IOI 2017 Iran

Version: 8.0


## Credits

Generally: IOI 2017 Host Technical committee.

More specifically:
* Hamid Zarrabi-Zadeh
* Ali Yadegari
* Kian Mirjalali
* Navid Saleh


## Headers and footers

Html headers and footers can be placed in `header.html` and `footer.html`, respectively.


## Naming

File "$\langle x \rangle$`.html`" reads "$\langle x \rangle$`.md`" and "$\langle x \rangle$`.json`".
For example "`Book.html`" reads "`Book.md`" and "`Book.json`".

## Properties
The JSON file should contain a simple object node like:
```
{
    "name" : "The Name",
    "other" : "The other"
}
```

For each key $k$ in the JSON (like "`name`" in example above), 
the text content of the document element whose `id` is "`prop_`$k$" becomes the value of that key.
So the text content of the element with `id="prop_name"` becomes "`The Name`".

The special key `html_title` specifies the document title.


## Defects

It needs running a HTTP server,
  or modifying the browser configuration to allow the local html file access the markdown file in the file system.
Such browser configuration modifications have some security risks and are currently available only in Firefox.


## Image Example

![Sudoku board](Sudoku.svg)

Commit message:

Add support for local 'style.css' + update docs

index.md, after:

# Markdown Viewer Documentation

## Meta data

This small software is a child of the translation system created in IOI2017.

Birth: IOI 2017 Iran

Version: 8.0


## Credits

Generally: IOI 2017 Host Technical committee.

More specifically:
* Hamid Zarrabi-Zadeh
* Ali Yadegari
* Kian Mirjalali
* Navid Saleh


## Headers, Footers, and Styles

Html headers and footers can be placed in `header.html` and `footer.html`, respectively.
Custom styles (especially used for header and footer) can be placed in `style.css`.
This overrides the default styles specified by the markdown viewer.


## Naming

File "$\langle x \rangle$`.html`" reads "$\langle x \rangle$`.md`" and "$\langle x \rangle$`.json`".
For example "`Book.html`" reads "`Book.md`" and "`Book.json`".

## Properties
The JSON file should contain a simple object node like:
```
{
    "name" : "The Name",
    "other" : "The other"
}
```

For each key $k$ in the JSON (like "`name`" in example above), 
the text content of the document element whose `id` is "`prop_`$k$" becomes the value of that key.
So the text content of the element with `id="prop_name"` becomes "`The Name`".

The special key `html_title` specifies the document title.


## Defects

It needs running a HTTP server,
  or modifying the browser configuration to allow the local html file access the markdown file in the file system.
Such browser configuration modifications have some security risks and are currently available only in Firefox.


## Image Example

![Sudoku board](Sudoku.svg)
